## Changes list

### New features:

- /customCharacter DELETE endpoint removed
- /item PUT endpoint
- /dailyTasks/reserve/:_id PUT endpoint
- /dailyTasks/:_id DELETE endpoint
- Player battle characters and avatar id

### Changes to existing features:

- CustomCharacter schema and endpoints
- /playerTasks endpoint renamed to /dailyTasks
- Daily tasks creation logic

### Other internal API changes

- Test coverage improvements
- CustomCharacter module is moved to Player module
- CustomCharacterService use new BasicService
- Deprecated clan_module removed


## Links

### Additional documentation
- [Swagger file](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/blob/dev/swagger/releases/09-02-2025-release.json)
- [Release](https://devapi.altzone.fi/release/03-10-2024) address: _https://devapi.altzone.fi/release/latest-release_

### Milestones

- [Daily tasks milestone](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/milestone/23)
- [CustomCharacter milestone](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/milestone/14)
- [Tests milestone](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/milestone/17)


## Changes detailed descriptions

### /customCharacter DELETE endpoint removed

/customCharacter DELETE endpoint is no longer available.

### /item PUT endpoint

/item PUT endpoint is added. Now it is possible to update item location.

### /dailyTasks/reserve/:_id PUT endpoint

/dailyTasks/reserve/:_id PUT endpoint is added. Now it is possible for a player, to reserve some task by its _id, which means that other clan members can not reserve this task.
Notice that for each task where is a time before each the task has to be completed. If the task is not completed before the deadline, it will be automatically freed and other clan members will be able to reserve the task.

### /dailyTasks/:_id DELETE endpoint

/dailyTasks/:_id DELETE endpoint is added. If some task is removed a new one will be generated, so that the clan always has 20 tasks.

### Player battle characters and avatar id

Player now can choose up to 3 characters, witch he/she wants to use in the battle. Notice that player can choose only own characters. 
These battle characters then are available from /customCharacter/battleCharacters GET endpoint.

Player schema has now the `avatarId` field for choosing player's avatar.

### CustomCharacter schema and endpoints

CustomCharacter is now created only by specifying character id and level. The character id is defining the properties of created character.
The newly created character will belong to the logged-in player.

Some of the fields are renamed to the ones used on the game side.
CustomCharacter properties may be updated.

/customCharacter GET endpoints are returning only the characters owned by the logged-in player.

### /playerTasks endpoint renamed to /dailyTasks

/playerTasks endpoint is now renamed to the /dailyTasks to align with game terminology.

### Daily tasks creation logic

The mechanism and logic of the daily tasks are now changed to align with game requirements. 
Now the daily tasks are not predefined, but instead random tasks are generated automatically by the API. They are generated in a way that the type of the task is predefined (i.e. player battles, win battles), but the amount of tasks is randomly generated (i.e. play 10 games or play 2 games).

### Test coverage improvements

New tests are added for the following modules:

- auth
- itemMover
- CustomCharacter

### CustomCharacter module is moved to Player module

The CustomCharacter module is moved to Player module to enhance the architecture of the API

### CustomCharacterService use new BasicService

CustomCharacterService use new BasicService instead of deprecated one.

### Deprecated clan_module removed

Deprecated clan_module is removed with its tests


## Contributors

- @PlayJeri
- @MikhailDeriabin