## List of changes
New features:

- Leaderboards
- Player tasks = Daily tasks
- Player statistics
- Notifications of player tasks
- Player points tracking


Changes to existing features:

- Item stealing logic
- Log files saving
- Clan creation default items
- Models of Player, Clan, Item


Other internal API changes

- Enhanced Jest setup
- Improved test coverage of /common package
- Improved API architecture and its documentation
- env variables handling logic

## Links

[Swagger file](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/blob/dev/swagger/releases/01-11-2024-release.json)

[Release](https://devapi.altzone.fi/latest-release/) address: _https://devapi.altzone.fi/latest-release/_


## Contributors

@PlayJeri
@MikhailDeriabin


## Detailed descriptions of changes


### Leaderboards
New endpoint /leaderboards/:board_type GET:

_/leaderboards/player_ get top players based on `points` field
_/leaderboards/clan_ get top clans based on `points` field

You can see the logic behind the leaderboards mechanism [here](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/tree/dev/doc/img/leader_board)

### Player tasks

Player tasks or "Daily tasks" tracking logic is now done for the following events:

- Send x amount of messages
- Play x amount of battles
- Win x amount of battles

Player's clan as well as Player himself/herself will get a defined amount of points and coins for each completed task.

You can find the json file with all tasks and rewards [here](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/blob/dev/src/playerTasks/playerTasks.json).

There are an endpoint for retrieving player's tasks:

- _/playerTasks_ GET with period query (daily, weekly, monthly) for specified the required period of the tasks.

All the tracking logic is hidden and happen automatically for example, when a player wins a game the "win battles" tasks info is updated.
Here is a list of the endpoints used for track the tasks:
- /gameData/battle POST
- /chat/:_id/messages POST

You can check the player tasks logic in [this diagram](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/blob/dev/doc/img/daily_task/daily_task_add_update.svg)


### Player statistics

Now the following player statistic is being tracked:
- played battles
- won battles
- sent messages

The statistics tracking is hidden in the API logic and being updated by API automatically via these endpoints:
- /gameData/battle POST
- /chat/:_id/messages POST

The statistics can be retrieved from nested object `gameStatistics` in Player data:
- /player GET
- /player/:_id GET

Notice however that if player does not have any statistics yet, this object will not be provided.


### Notifications of player tasks

There are now notifications of updated or completed player tasks.

Notice that the notification are sent via MQTT over WS protocol, 
that means that the client need to subscribe to certain topics in order to get the notifications.

Read more about the notifications mechanism and structure [here](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/blob/dev/doc/img/notifications/mqtt_notifications_mechanism.svg)

Notice that the protocol that you need to use on the client (URL start) is probably should start from _ws:_ not _mqtt:_, 
but the logic remains same as it is for MQTT protocol, so you should use a library for the MQTT protocol.

Notice that it is possible only to subscribe to topics, but not publish.

The topics are secured with a password, please reach me out to get it and store it in a secure place. 
At the moment the password will not change and any other security measures are taken to protect the topics, 
so that it is possible to set up everything on the client with ease.

You can subscribe to all notification coming to a player with this topic: _/player/{player _id}_. 
You can also subscribe to more specific topics if you or the player want to choose which notifications should be shown in UI. 
The more fine tuned subscription is the recommended way to subscribe in order to save server resources.

The notifications of player tasks have the task data as a payload.

Here are a list of all supported atm topics:

- /player/{player_id}/daily_task/update updates of task data, for example when player send a message or win a game
- /player/{player_id}/daily_task/end the task is done, for example player won 3 games = completed daily task


### Player points tracking

Player now will get additional points for different events happen. Currently the following events are tracked and therefore supported:

- Player sends 3 messages in a day +20 points
- Player wins a game +50 points
- Player plays a game +10 points


### Item stealing logic

Item stealing flow is now slightly changed and now by requesting data from _/item/steal GET_ 
only not empty rooms will be returned, but not all as it was before.


### Log files saving

The log files logic is changed, so that now a separate folder created for each battle,
it is possible to set the folder name for the log file with `Battle-Id` header or it will be current timestamp as default.

Also the max file size is increased to 50 MB.

The changed endpoint is _/gameAnalytics/logFile POST_.


### Clan creation default items

There are now other items created for the clan, which are corresponding to existing ones:

For stock:
```ts
{...itemProperties.Carpet_Rakkaus, stock_id, room_id: null, unityKey: ItemName.CARPET_RAKKAUS, location : [1,1] },
{...itemProperties.Mirror_Rakkaus, stock_id, room_id: null, unityKey: ItemName.MIRROR_RAKKAUS, location : [1,2] },
{...itemProperties.Closet_Rakkaus, stock_id, room_id: null, unityKey: ItemName.CLOSET_RAKKAUS, location : [1,3] }
```

For room:

```ts
{...itemProperties.Sofa_Rakkaus, stock_id: null, room_id, unityKey: ItemName.SOFA_RAKKAUS, location : [1,1] },
{...itemProperties.Carpet_Rakkaus, stock_id: null, room_id, unityKey: ItemName.CARPET_RAKKAUS, location : [1,2] },
{...itemProperties.Chair_Neuro, stock_id: null, room_id, unityKey: ItemName.CHAIR_NEURO, location : [1,3] },
{...itemProperties.SideTable_Taakka, stock_id: null, room_id, unityKey: ItemName.SIDETABLE_TAAKKA, location : [1,4] },
{...itemProperties.Floorlamp_Taakka, stock_id: null, room_id, unityKey: ItemName.FLOORLAMP_TAAKKA, location : [1,5] },
{...itemProperties.Sofa_Taakka, stock_id: null, room_id, unityKey: ItemName.SOFA_TAAKKA, location : [1,6] }
```

### Models of Player, Clan, Item

Player model now have the `points` and `gameStatistics` fields.

Clan model now have the `labels` and points fields, as well as the `tag` field is deprecated now.

Item model is changed and uses more enums:
```ts
export class ItemDto {
    _id: string;
    name: ItemName;
    weight: number;
    recycling: Recycling;
    qualityLevel: QualityLevel;
    unityKey: string;
    price: number;
    location: Array<number>;
    isFurniture: boolean;

    stock_id: string;
    Stock: StockDto;

    room_id: string;
    Room: RoomDto;
}

//Here are the enums used:
enum ItemName {
    SOFA_TAAKKA = 'Sofa_Taakka',
    MIRROR_TAAKKA = 'Mirror_Taakka',
    FLOORLAMP_TAAKKA = 'Floorlamp_Taakka',
    TOILET_SCHRODINGER = 'Toilet_Schrodinger',
    SINK_SCHRODINGER = 'Sink_Schrodinger',
    CLOSET_TAAKKA = 'Closet_Taakka',
    SOFATABLE_TAAKKA = 'SofaTable_Taakka',
    SIDETABLE_TAAKKA = 'SideTable_Taakka',
    CARPET_SCHRODINGER = 'Carpet_Schrodinger',
    CARPET_RAKKAUS = 'Carpet_Rakkaus',
    MIRROR_SCHRODINGER = 'Mirror_Schrodinger',
    MIRROR_RAKKAUS = 'Mirror_Rakkaus',
    ARMCHAIR_TAAKKA = 'ArmChair_Taakka',
    SOFA_RAKKAUS = 'Sofa_Rakkaus',
    ARMCHAIR_RAKKAUS = 'ArmChair_Rakkaus',
    CLOSET_RAKKAUS = 'Closet_Rakkaus',
    CHAIR_NEURO = 'Chair_Neuro',
    DRESSER_NEURO = 'Dresser_Neuro',
    STOOL_NEURO = 'Stool_Neuro',
}

enum Recycling {
    MIXED_WASTE = 'Mixed_waste',
    ELECTRICAL_EQUIPMENT = 'Electrical_Equipment',
    WOOD = 'Wood',
    GLASS = 'Glass',
    METAL = 'Metal',
    LANDFILL = 'Landfill'
}

enum QualityLevel {
    common = 'common',
    rare = 'rare',
    epic = 'epic'
}
```

### Enhanced Jest setup

The jest is now configured to use in-memory DB, which is cleaned automatically after each test. 
Also custom matchers are added for Service and API errors.

Tests structure is improved: test data builders are introduced in order to decouple tests from the data structures use din the code.


### Improved test coverage of /common package

More tests are written for _/common_ package and the coverage now is close to 80% of the package.


### Improved API architecture and its documentation

Now API has more modular structure and have less coupling.

Also a new [diagram](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/tree/dev/doc/img/architecture) of API modules is created.


### env variables handling logic

The env variables retrieving now happening via a separate object not straight from the file.
Also a check of the .env file validity is added on the start of the API.