## Changes list
New features:

- Saving battle results
- Moving items from Stock to SoulHome and overwise
- Stealing items
- Saving log files

Changes to existing features:

- Clan has `labels` field, which replace the `tag` field
- Player got `parentalControl` and `above13` fields


## Links

[Swagger file](https://github.com/Alt-Org/Altzone-Server/blob/dev/swagger/releases/03-10-2024-release.json)

[Release](https://devapi.altzone.fi/release/03-10-2024) address: _https://devapi.altzone.fi/release/03-10-2024_


## Changes detailed descriptions


### Saving battle results
New endpoint /gameData/battle POST added. 

It can be used for saving battles results. 

That data is planned to be used for giving points to Players, as well as determining in-game tasks completion.


### Moving items from Stock to SoulHome and overwise
New endpoint /item/move POST added.

It can be used whenever there are a need to move Items inside Clan: from Stock to SoulHome or from SoulHome to Stock.

It is a replacement for old item updating endpoint, since the only thing that can be changed in Item data is the `stock_id` and `room_id` fields. The endpoint abstracts updating logic for easier usability by client.


### Stealing items
New /item/steal POST and GET endpoints added.

The GET endpoint can be used for checking from what place (SoulHome) Items can be stolen based on the _steal_token_ retrieved during battle results informing.

The POST endpoint can be used for stealing itself, which means moving items from loosed Clan's SoulHome to won Clan's SoulHome.


### Saving log files
New endpoint /gameAnalytics/logFile POST added.

It can be used to save log files produced during the game, which then can be retrieved and analyzed later.


### Clan has `labels` field, which replace the `tag` field
The `tag` field which there previously a `string` is now deprecated and should be replaced with `labels` field, which is a `string[]` and can hold up to 5 Clan labels.

In the future release the `tag` field will be removed completely.


### Player got `parentalControl` and `above13` fields
Player data now holds two additional fields that was required to satisfy by Google Play's platform rules.

The value `null` is a default value for both fields, which means that player did not answer the age or parental approval questions.
